add note block to configuring/dual-tor regarding IP autodetection (#952)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/networking/configuring/dual-tor.mdx

The only connections using interface-specific addresses should be BGP.

:::note

- Some Calico features, such as Egress Gateways, will not work correctly if per-interface

>   IP addresses are used instead of a node's stable IP address.

Reviewer: As an uninformed reader, I think my reaction to that bullet would be "OK.  But why are you telling me that, and what can I do about it?  Isn't the whole doc above this point about what IP addresses are used?"

I think it shouldn't be a bullet on its own - because it isn't a standalone note - and the wording can be improved.  Unless we can immediately think of another relevant feature, let's make it simpler by just saying egress gateway:

"If you plan to use Egress Gateways in your cluster, you must also adjust the {{nodecontainer}} IP auto-detection method to pick up the stable IP, for example using the `interface: lo` setting.  (The default `first-found` setting skips over the `lo` interface.)  This can be configured ..."

- If interface-specific addresses are seen on connections where the stable IP address is
  expected, the {{nodecontainer}} IP auto-detection method must be adjusted to detect the stable IP.

>   This can be configured via the {{prodname}} [Installation resource](/calico-cloud/reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.NodeAddressAutodetection).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This can be configured via the {{prodname}} [Installation resource](../../reference/installation/api.mdx#operator.tigera.io/v1.NodeAddressAutodetection).
```
This should work and fix your build errors. We prefer to use relative file links. The page ref should work too.

Author: ah, nice one :raised_hands:

Author: I think I've added this change to all the links now :ok_hand:
